books: add `user-book` for `cuprated v0.0.1` (#165)
Cuprate/cuprate: books/user/src/introduction.md

- <https://clientdiversity.org>
- <https://bchfaq.com/knowledge-base/what-are-the-full-node-implementations-for-bitcoin-cash>
- <https://zfnd.org/zebra-stable-release>

## Does `cuprated` replace `monerod`?
No.

`cuprated` cannot currently replace `monerod` in production environments. With that said, there will be practical performance benefits for users to use `cuprated` eventually.

## Is it safe to run `cuprated`?
**⚠️ This project is still in development; do NOT use `cuprated` for any serious purposes ⚠️**

`cuprated` is fine to run for casual purposes and has a similar attack surface to other network connected services.

See [`Resources`](./resources/intro.md) for information on what system resources `cuprated` will use.

## What files does `cuprated` create?
See [`Resources/Disk`](./resources/disk.md).

## What can `cuprated` currently do?
Cuprate's node (`cuprated`) can currently:

- Sync the blockchain and transaction pool
- Broadcast and relay blocks and transactions
- Help other peers sync their blockchain

## How fast does `cuprated` sync?
The current full verification sync timings are around 1.4x~3x faster than `monerod`.

> In real terms, 20 hour full verification syncs and 4 hour fast-sync syncs have been reported on consumer grade hardware. Various testing results can be found [here](https://github.com/Cuprate/cuprate/issues/195).

Reviewer: We have achieved sub 2 hour (1h50m) fast-sync with 14 threads and 10Gbps. Might be good to make a note about bandwidth bottleneck

For more information on the role of alternative node implementations, see:
- <https://clientdiversity.org>
- <https://bchfaq.com/knowledge-base/what-are-the-full-node-implementations-for-bitcoin-cash>
- <https://zfnd.org/zebra-stable-release>

## Does `cuprated` replace `monerod`?
No.

`cuprated` cannot currently replace `monerod` in production environments. With that said, there will be practical performance benefits for users to use `cuprated` eventually.

## Is it safe to run `cuprated`?
**⚠️ This project is still in development; do NOT use `cuprated` for any serious purposes ⚠️**

`cuprated` is fine to run for casual purposes and has a similar attack surface to other network connected services.

See [`Resources`](./resources/intro.md) for information on what system resources `cuprated` will use.

## What files does `cuprated` create?
See [`Resources/Disk`](./resources/disk.md).

## What can `cuprated` currently do?
Cuprate's node (`cuprated`) can currently:

- Sync the blockchain and transaction pool
- Broadcast and relay blocks and transactions
- Help other peers sync their blockchain

## How fast does `cuprated` sync?

> The current full verification sync timings are around 1.4x~3x faster than `monerod`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The current full verification sync timings are around 7.5x faster than `monerod`.
```

I think the 1.4 was done before the DB improvements and the 3x was done just after them, right? I got the 7.5x last week

> In real terms, 20 hour full verification syncs and 4 hour fast-sync syncs have been reported on consumer grade hardware. On faster hardware (14 threads, 10Gbps networking), sub 2 hour fast-syncs have been reported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In real terms, 16 hour full verification syncs and 4 hour fast-sync syncs have been reported on consumer grade hardware. On faster hardware (14 threads, 10Gbps networking), sub 2 hour fast-syncs have been reported.
```

Various testing results can be found [here](https://github.com/Cuprate/cuprate/issues/195).

## How to tell `cuprated` is fully synced?

> `cuprated` does not currently emit a message indicating it is finished syncing, although it does log its block height status when syncing, for example:

Reviewer 2: We do emit `synchronised with the network` when synced, although it was buggy before #389, it _should_ be more stable now.

Reviewer 2: still a good idea to include how to read the logs just in case + maybe tell people to use `status`
